Today I show you mine
favorite movies
[Music]
hey hello and welcome to devil three
youtube the doctor I am still
Ill gets sick even from day to day
worse
and what really frustrates me so much
because I try so little
work as possible and everything back to
and it always gets worse
I do not care what's wrong
I'm doing a video today without me
too overworked
and I just want to watch with dvd
I thought to myself okay I'll show you
just my favorite dvd is not like that
have my favorite movies
At the beginning we have ladies night here
Great movie work wants to be this
love film because this is it
original in which the good
quentin tarantino so let's say
Spiritually influence very strongly
because he has this story 11
stolen a little rewritten
In any case, as the movie is very
very bloody so therefore has none
pictures time partly really really
from the tv comes full of good
you have to shower again or
so great in front of all things also one
Great story with a very bad one
end and and that 's what i love when to
dramatic end is and not so
snappy dacia end peace joy
eggcakes and everyone is happy
but that really has a bad end and
united really original
So first who looks here and the same
in connection capital what i made
have
he will think of children what i watch
because this look really shynes
So great hammer soundtrack to great
music and these films is from the 70s
and 60s from japan and still
top i've already shown that
my akira kurosawa box so great
a great movie in there like youtube or
Bodyguard you were also hollywood
had stolen again with last one
standing with bruce willis just that
same story just stop here again
really better i have to say that
seven samurai sandro opened their foreheads
forest and the hidden fortress so
everything from the classic yes- last
time comes that I would say 50s
60s everything still in black and white
and I think it's unbelievable
movies the people did back then
with a black and white camera and with
the equipment
So I've been watching flashes
i once in a year i can only
recommend then princess mononoke will
says what's that for the kids
Shit then I can only say hey look
the film of the guide and nothing for
children finds
it gets pretty bloody it is
not the tvversion if you are yes
the dvd version and already incredible
what is so partly on is in any
fall i love watching these movies as he does
is the type a jaromir sacchi of power
It's always very secular movies
the really very aesthetic film of
from the picture and also from the story
always very profound and also
socially critical club thinks if
Just stop by the lines
reads and not only lets itself be sprayed
you notice there's always me up there
a social criticism behind it and
who always gives us such a basic morality
mediate as we do with our world
should handle
and I think I have a great movie
But I can see myself too often
do not move in then the simpsons
the movie has each of you determined
seen
I was totally disappointed in the cinema that likes
but at that time, too
everyone expected from the film where too
So everyone loves interest rates though
you love the simpsons and go to the movie
one thinks only of that must hamm areal
more
I have to love the movie is it must
be great
you go with a high
expectant attitude to it that I at cinema
when really shit then I found
get him for Christmas
my sister and yes, even if
The one with friends comes to a two
bierchen
you 're really broken so already
they have not done bad
quite well done so finally
something to think gandhi so one
my favorite movies a very
interesting figure
and it is in front of some
no science fiction is nothing
the story is so unbelievable
what this man has achieved in the world
water has changed water and what he has
really everything has moved that one
it could be invented because it was
unbelievable is what a man alone
can cause
with his mind with his abilities
And this man is definitely for
me a great source of inspiration and
in the forum so where can I say
I really care about myself
really to take heart last times
talk with a friend
he meant yes would be nothing
achieved in the long run
I see it differently because just as well
through the movies and books you
He always returns lonely
thoughts in down head plants and
it really is something bigger
growing and people really learn
also for others to stand up for
others' rights and for the show class
So I love this movie
I think I will now too
The first thing to pull in is extremely long
I will probably fall asleep
then in extremely tired
So if you know flu now
where one only coughs and can because of that
Do not punish me that way
and said I want to be now but I was
First of all , I'm here
okay today i really hope tomorrow
that aubry is better at going back to like
a horny video you can and then before
all the things the journalist in berlin
I really wanted to be with him
meet and go already and and flirting
and all that do what you have just
I hope I can manage that was okay that
you already wrote the comments
your favorite movies but we see
tomorrow we run again or
[Music]